Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Oh no.
Oh. shit!
But you continued up?
With no safety rope.
Correct. Yeah.
Do you know much
about this. Mike?
- I've... I've heard of it.
- It's pretty self-explanatory.
Your brother died.
Deep down in a place you can't talk about.
you wish it had been you. and not him.
And this causes...
behavior.
Like climbing The Needles with no rope.
That would be an example. yeah.
You need to get closure on this.
I'm gonna write you two prescriptions.
one for anxiety and something
to help you sleep if you need it.
Yes to the literature. no to the drugs.
I'll read up on it.
Thank you. Doctor.
- We're all done. Mr. McCann.
- Thanks. guys.
Let's hit the road.
Kaylee.
I. John McCann of Minot.
North Dakota
declare this to be my last will.
In the event of death. I hereby direct
that my body be cremated.
and that my ashes
be scattered on Mount Everest.
If I can't get there in life.
I'll get there in death.
Make no mistake.
Hydroelectric power...
is the way of progress.
It is the way of the future.
And with your approval...
this dam will generate 4.000 megawatts
of hydroelectricity for industry.
And with industry...
comes jobs.
And then all will be resettled.
Oh. right you are. sir! Into slums!
To work in sweatshops
making iPhones for Europeans.
Let's hear from the family who built
the first road and half the town.
Let's hear from one of the Rai family.
Of course.
Mr. Rai. please come up.
Yes. yes.
It is my father who speaks
for the family. you know this.
He's just a little late.
To build his dam
Yash sir has made a...
very generous offer
for the Life Estates that were...
granted to my family
by the Land Act in 1994.
And that includes my son who.
is also late.
I hope he's not late for his own funeral.
So...
dam...
or river. huh?
It's a very modest question. no?
We are a very modest people.
There are those who want the dam. Yes.
But we...
all of us.
We need our river. no.
To... to make tea and to... to bathe...
and to water our crops.
If we give up on this now...
we will lose more than our river.
We will sever our links
with our ancestors.
We will cease to be one with this land.
and we will never ever taste
our sacred water again.
Vijay. where have you been?
- Take this in. Listen to this! Hear this.
- Grandfather is dead.
His bus went off the East Traverse.
Police were calling it an accident.
- Who knows about this?
- People are just learning now.
We're next. father.
Rudra Yash will kill you.
Then me.
We... we will not let him.
Okay. Come on.
Just hold it there. thanks.
Okay. come through.
Come through.
What is this?
My dead brother.
Human remains have to travel
in a TSA-approved vessel.
Good evening. passengers.
Please be advised that flight...
- Shit.
- ...AB304 to Kathmandu
- is now boarding for departure.
- Sorry. bro.
Hey. hey.
There he is.
- Looking spiffy.
- Yeah. I bet you say that to all the boys.
Got your papers?
Yep.
First month. a place up north
called Fallujah.
Isn't Northern Iraq
where all the fighting's been?
I'm the mechanic. bro.
The only fight I'm gonna have
is with rusty Hummer manifolds.
Hey. you're my little brother.
I'm protective.
Come on. let's go. I don't wanna be late.
When I get back.
we're gonna climb Everest.
And then we'll go into business
with our own rig.
I love you. Mike.
You be careful out there.
Yeah.
Oh.
Here. they make us do this.
but. uh. I'll tear it up when I get back.
Ladies and gentlemen.
this is your captain speaking.
We'll be touching down
in Kathmandu airport
in approximately 30 minutes.
If you'd like to take a look
out the port side window.
you'll catch a glimpse of Everest.
the tallest mount in the world.
The weather in Kathmandu
is fine with clear skies.
Once again. from the flight deck
and our crew.
we'd like to thank you
for flying with us today.
We hope you enjoyed it. Thank you.
Hello. yeah.
Starr!
Welcome to Kathmandu.
- Dad.
- Let's go.
What is the right direction
to the city centre?
Too far to walk.
Much too far.
- How far?
- Too far. Too far.
Thanks. guys.
I'll take you to the city.
right now.
- Ah! Sleep well. Mr. McCann?
- Hey.
- Very. Thank you.
- What can I do for you?
I arranged a guide to Everest Base Camp.
Some guy named Dhani Yangchen.
I am Dhani.
Dhani. Got it.
Apologies.
Do you have the urn?
Yep.
After you.
- First time in Kathmandu?
- First time. yeah.
Americans either love it or hate it.
I love it.
So do I.
Are you Hindu?
No.
Buddhist.
- You?
- Lapsed Catholic.
Is there hope for me?
We're all God's children. Mr. McCann.
Mike...
I insist.
Mike. Okay.
The Guide Service said
you were Sherpa.
Half.
Another half Malaysian.
How many ascents?
- Mount Everest?
- Yeah.
Ten.
Ten. Wow.
Impressive.
You think I can do it?
If you train.
And I carry your oxygen.
Okay.
Were you in the service?
No. no. my brother was.
- Hmm.
- You?
Yes.
And now
with some breaking news in Iraq
where fighting has intensified
after a series of strikes in the region.
A US military base came under attack
late yesterday afternoon.
Kaitlin Dax has more.
This marks
the eighth consecutive day
of intense fighting outside Fallujah.
Sergeant. get this god-damn vehicle
out of here!
I'm working on it. Captain!
What happened?
He was hit in the head
with a high velocity round.
Mike.
Hey. Mike.
We're here.
Hey. that was quick.
To your liking?
Yes. ma'am.
Yeah.
Let's go.
- Hi. Spike.
- Oh. Dhani. love of my life.
You heading up
to Sir Edmund's Folly again?
- Where else?
- Yeah. Well take a seat.
They're going fast.
- Hey. Mike.
- Spike. Nice to meet you. mate.
- Nice to meet you.
- Get on board.
Oh. here we go.
- Mount Everest Base Camp is 17.000.
- Hello.
It's pretty amazing.
Wow.
Would it kill you to try?
- Yeah.
- G'day. How you going?
Good. good. good. Yeah.
I'm great. Thanks very much.
All right. Kia ora. whanau.
Welcome aboard.
Welcome aboard. Off we go. eh?
Young lady.
Um...
You knocked his bag on the floor.
Probably fell on its own.
Let me get that for you.
I'm sorry. She's not usually like this.
- Just upset over...
- Dad.
All right. Top o' the morning.
adventure seekers!
Mount Everest. here we come.
Three hours and 20 minutes.
Now. the weather at
the North Base Camp is clear.
You'll be glad to know.
With a high of 16. That's. uh. about
at 62 Fahrenheit for the Yanks on board.
Uh. We've got Evan Myers
and daughter Starr
- from the great state of Connecticut.
- Pleasure to meet you all.
Now we've also got
some comedians on board. Oh. yeah.
Who are going to be filming a descent
from the world's highest peak
on five-foot Popsicle sticks.
Good luck. boys.
More balls than brains.
You'll need them.
And. of course. my future ex-wife.
Dhani Yangchen. I love you. babe.
Oh. she's already cheating on me with
a very handsome looking American bloke.
But. anyway. we're all right.
We're all good.
Off we go.
Ladies and gentlemen. we are now
on the Araniko Highway.
"Gateway to the Himalayas".
Uh. next stop. Araniko Station.
Then on to Mount Everest.
Excuse me.
I didn’t know any of these
high compression diesels
were still on the road.
Oh. yeah. Spoken like a man who knows.
Oh yeah. nah. Rebuilt it myself.
You an asphalt jockey. are you. Mike?
- 32 years.
- Oh. good for you.
What brought you to Kathmandu?
What do you reckon. Mike? The surfing.
The told me the...
the breaks were awesome.
Surfing? We're in
the highest mountain range in the world.
Well. I was misinformed.
Okay.
Hello?
- Hello. Baba?
- Vijay?
I'm at the market.
Market? I have food for a month.
Just get to the cabin as soon as possible.
From now on...
text only on the burner phone. okay?
No more calls.
And. Vijay. always.
always use the code. yes?
Understood. See you soon.
You travel safe. my son.
Come on.
Let's go up this way.
Welcome aboard. young fella.
Take a seat.
Hey.
the schedule's posted online. right?
Next time. I'm not stopping. all right?
Take a seat. Come on. Quick sticks.
No. I don't smoke.
Sit down!
- Keep driving.
- Yep. yep.
Hello.
Cellphones above your head.
In the bag.
Understand?
Do what she says.
Go left.
Look. darling. I would love to.
but that goes to roads
that I am not rated for.
Oh. gosh.
- Go left.
- The grades up there
are... are over ten degrees.
All right.
Going left. Going left.
- Dad?
- It's okay. honey.
I've never taken this vehicle
up here before.
They are talking about a rendezvous.
What about us?
Kidnappers in Nepal...
don't leave witnesses.
We have the boy.
Oui. alive. Devant.
Unconscious.
Okay.
- Take the girl.
- Gladly.
What have you done?
Oh. my God.
Oh shit.
All right. everyone off the bus.
off the bus now.
- Starr? Easy. easy.
- Yeah.
- Off the bus!
- Come on. man.
Good work. good work.
Come on. let's go.
Mike! Mike!
Go! Go!
Come on. come on.
Get off. get off.
All right. I think we're safe.
What are you doing? Get out.
Get off the bus.
Gurty. come on. Come on.
Come to me. Come to me.
What are you doing? Come on. man.
Get off the bus.
I got you. buddy.
So. uh. what are we going to do with her?
Not our problem now.
Better late than never.
Hey.
Captain Shankar. Provincial Police.
What happened here?
Attempted kidnapping.
Her gun.
Ah. shit.
Nasty.
Well. she ain't making it up to Everest.
Not today at least. But...
I reckon a spot weld might get her down
to the Araniko Highway.
I'm a fair hand with a welding torch.
if you've got one.
Are ya?
Bloody oath I do.
You're a bloody beauty. mate.
I'll bring her around.
Be still.
You fight well.
You're not bad yourself. for a Buddhist.
Shows how much you know about Buddhists.
You'll have to show me
that roundhouse kick.
You're too old.
I have young prana.
Prana?
Prana is Hindu.
Life force. right?
Young man.
Officer.
I need some information.
- Uh.
- He doesn't speak English.
I need to know the status of the young man
you and Mr. McCann
saved from the kidnappers.
- He's awake. No need to worry.
- I'd like to know his name.
Hey!
Vijay Rai.
Did he just say Vijay Rai?
We wouldn't be in Kodari. would we?
Yes.
This is Kodari.
We've not had the pleasure.
- I'm Dhani Yangchen.
- I'm sorry. Evan Myers.
I saw you speak in Pokhara
last year. Professor.
- It is my honor.
- Oh. thank you.
Dad!
Dad. you've got to see these rugs.
I believe you met my daughter.
Starr. this is Dhani Yangchen.
Hi.
You have good taste.
Kodari rugs are loved all over the world.
Where are all the people?
Gone.
There has been trouble here.
Hmm.
What kind of trouble?
Dad?
It's a land dispute.
A man named Rudra Yash wants to build
the largest dam in the Himalayas.
- One of the families won't sell.
- Land is all these people have.
Indeed.
- Excuse me. Dhani. You okay here?
- Yeah.
Um. what you did on that bus. That was...
it was unbelievable.
You helped.
Call me Dhani.
Can you teach me to fight like that?
If you promise to remember...
it's not about the teacher.
always the student.
Yes.
Boys. bus is here!
Excellent. The bus has arrived.
Captain.
Captain Shankar.
Excuse me. Captain. I have some questions.
Ladies.
I apologize on behalf of my country
for your ordeal.
If you would follow me.
Captain. the young man
in your care. Vijay Rai.
What about him?
- This way.
- May I see him?
You'll miss your bus.
I can arrange a car service.
And the reason. if I may ask.
We all went through
an ordeal this morning.
I'd like to know for whom.
Hmm. I understand.
Unfortunately.
Mr. Rai is still unconscious.
- Your lieutenant said otherwise.
- My lieutenant was mistaken.
Tell me. How often
do provincial police patrol here?
I don't understand the question.
Couldn't be more than once a day.
I mean. what luck.
That you arrived when you did.
Right.
I can get his email.
Send him a get well note.
With a smiley face emoji.
Let's go.
Come on. Dad.
Just a second. honey.
I invest ten million dollars fees
and engineering studies.
Waiting for a family of idiots
to do the right thing.
"See you soon".
That means...
few hours travel.
A day at most.
He's here now.
Somewhere in the mountains.
Where?
Where is your father. Vijay?
He won't sell to you.
Then you will.
Never.
Then the government will
when you're all dead.
How can you not see this. man?
Don't take all day.
Right. yup. that's it.
Finished?
Almost.
Everything okay?
I'm not sure.
Something's not right here.
- What's the problem?
- We haven't formally met.
- Mike.
- Evan Myers.
- Let me give you a hand.
- Yes. Thanks.
I represent a number
of Human Rights Watchdog groups.
A man named Rudra Yash wants to dam
the river up there.
A local family. the Rai's.
won't sell him the land.
The grandfather. Raj Rai.
just died in a horrific bus accident.
It was in the...
it was in the Kathmandu Post.
I read the article.
His bus went off East Traverse.
To which I say. bullshit.
Why. Spike?
Well. there's never been one bus go off
the East Traverse in the dry season.
- Not a one.
- Right.
Now get this.
Raj Rai's son. Ganesh.
is apparently missing.
And his grandson. Vijay...
is the young man
you just saved from kidnappers.
Hello?
Are you coming?
Tell them to go ahead. Dhani. Please.
Keep talking. Professor.
You've got my attention.
The kidnappers were rendezvousing here.
Who with?
Who just turned up out of the blue?
- Oh. you... You're not saying...?
- Police. yes.
Bugger. me.
Dhani. you catching this?
It is possible.
Rudra Yash is Kathmandu Mafia.
Thugs and parasites.
They buy judges and police.
What do you suggest we do. Professor?
Demand to see Vijay Rai.
You are poking a dragon.
- I've poked one or two before. trust me.
- I want answers.
You may need a translator. Dhani. can you?
Yes.
Stay here. okay?
Yeah. son. I'll look after her for you.
- Don't worry. she'll be all right.
- Thanks.
Dad!
Be careful.
Um. tell him we want to see Vijay Rai.
No.
Come on.
This is not going to end.
We're gonna be here all night.
Where is your father?
I'll call the American Embassy.
They took our phones.
We'll find one in the village.
I'm not looking for phones
while that kid's being tortured.
Wait here. Professor. Dhani. come with me.
We have your phone. Vijay.
Your text message to your father
said you were meeting.
Now tell me where.
Where are you meeting him?
Where is your father. Vijay?
Throw it down.
- You don't know who you're dealing with.
- Sure I do.
You're Police Captain Shankar.
There was me thinking the policemen
were supposed to help the victim.
Everyone. calm down. please.
Welcome to Kodari Rug Factory.
At least tell me your names.
If we're going to settle this
with firearms.
we should at least know the names
of the people pulling the trigger.
My name is Evan Myers.
I represent
the United States Department of State.
What a group we suddenly are.
In 24 hours.
every human rights organization
in the world will know about this.
You have a lot of explaining to do.
Do I?
I called the United States Embassy.
20 minutes ago.
- There'll be two Blackhawk helicopters...
- No. you didn't.
You didn't call anyone.
Run!
Now. run!
Go.
Spike. start the bus.
- What in the?
- Start the bus.
Get the tools.
Bloody tools. Get them in the bus.
- Hurry up!
- Where's my father?
Get in! Fast!
Where's my father?
He didn't make it.
What do you mean he didn't make it?
He's dead.
Do not shoot the boy.
Oh. shit!
Shit!
Everybody down!
Hold on.
Give me a blade. a knife. anything!
How is he?
He's dying.
Vijay.
Right turn back to the village.
Left turn Chinese border. Safe there.
Construction workers
for the belt and road.
Soldiers. Hot food.
Which way is your father?
Left. Across the Annapurna Highlands.
But this is the long way.
It's much faster by mule.
Great. Let's hitch up the team
I got back there.
- I forgive your American sarcasm there.
- It's Irish sarcasm.
What are we dealing with here?
Very steep and very icy.
Right up my alley.
It’s called the Road To The Sky.
It's said Siddhartha came this way
on his quest to find enlightenment.
Well. I ain't no Siddhartha.
I'm as enlightened as I'm gonna get.
Let me off the bus. I'm not dying here.
Get me out of here.
Get me off the bus.
Yeah.
Yeah. That'll do.
- I'll get you there. You'll be right.
- Yeah. right here.
- That's it.
- I got ya. Argh.
No worries.
See you down the river.
Yes. Spike.
Down the river.
Hmm.
Four rounds. Okay.
Better than one. I suppose.
Are you sure about this?
Say the word. we'll take you back in.
I'm not dying on my own bus.
I'd rather die out here.
Down the river. Dhani.
Down the river.
Bye. Spike.
Yeah.
You know...
my late brother used to say...
"life is for the living."
We have to go on.
All of us.
40 percent grade. Iced over.
Hairpin turn at the bottom.
It's suicide.
No suicide. Mike. We use this.
Chinese?
Belt and Road Initiative.
For their construction equipment.
Let me guess.
- Point your vehicle down the grade.
- Check.
- Hook the winch to the bumper.
Set the rate of descent. Get in.
- Release the brake.
- Check. Piece of pie.
Cake. Vijay. Piece of cake.
One. two. three.
One. two. three. One. two. three.
Hold it.
Everybody ready?
- Dhani?
- Do it!
Get it. Come on!
Look ma. no hands.
Piece of cake.
- What the...
- What's happening?
What's happening?
The engine's seized.
- What are we gonna do?
- I don't know.
- Don't ask me.
- Well. we can't stay here.
- Vijay.
- Yes?
Yank the brake.
Where... where is it?
Right... right hand side
of the driver's seat.
Okay.
- What are you doing?
- Releasing that cable.
- If we do. we die.
- If we don't. we die.
Can you make that turn?
It's... it's 50-50 at best.
Okay.
Good enough. Give it to me.
Everybody ready?
Yes. ready!
Bus is going down.
Mike. we're not gonna make it.
Hang on!
Whoa!
Oh. my God.
- Oh. my God. Mike!
- Hold on. Hold on.
Everybody okay? Speak to me!
- Yes.
- Yeah.
Shit.
Without an axle. the Kiwi Express...
is officially dead.
So are we
if we have to go on foot.
We tried. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
You saved our life.
If it wasn't for you...
we'd be at the bottom of that cliff.
Anyone have a pair of binoculars?
We're in business. kids.
We'll get her upright.
- And Vijay?
- Yeah?
I want you to skim the tires
off those rims.
We're gonna need
some of that broken guardrail.
Um. why?
Why. Mike?
The Kiwi Express is about to be reborn.
Come on.
Okay.
Torturing defenseless kids
is very bad karma. mate.
Catch up with you in the next life.
I'm an atheist.
It's easy to live as an atheist.
Not so easy to die as one.
You'll see.
- Vijay? Need two more of these.
- Yeah? Got it.
- Take these.
- Yeah.
Dhani?
These military run-flat tires
will come in handy.
Dhani?
The clutch is burned.
How long to fix it?
At least two hours.
You know how to use one of these?
Yeah. it's basically twelve.
Yeah. four. four. four.
This isn't the Himalayan trip
you expected.
Tides come. tides go.
You can't stop them.
You gotta go with the flow.
- The Upanishads?
- Upanishads. yeah.
Spoken like
a true lapsed Catholic.
- Pull on that.
- Okay.
Tell me about your family.
Your mother.
Your grandparents.
Um...
Well. my grandparents are dead.
Mom's a bit of a mess.
Dad...
Well. you know about that.
They were divorced.
Makes you feel sad.
Of course it makes me sad.
You'll see your father again.
You ever been married?
Once.
Youthful mistake.
I wouldn't know anything about those.
Don't worry.
We'll probably find them dead
in one of those ravines.
You can afford not to worry. I can't.
Rudra. we will get Vijay and Ganesh Rai.
Yeah. that's what you said in Kodari.
Go!
One. two. three. go!
Next stop. my father's cabin.
Good deal.
You okay?
Yeah. all good.
Car's ready. sir.
Answer yes.
Add emojis. It looks more natural.
The old fool fell for it. Reply.
Do you know where that is?
The old man is there.
Take him out and dispose of the body.
Welcome to the Highlands.
- Your father's?
- No. no.
My father is a mile further.
Then whose is that?
That was our neighbor.
My boy!
How did you know
it was Rudra Yash texting and not me?
I send two emojis. I get one back.
I send one emoji. I get none back.
The code. remember?
So I sent one and I got one back.
So I knew he had your phone.
- It worked.
- It worked. it worked.
Oh. my boy.
- These are your friends?
- Yes. Baba.
This is Dhani.
- Hey.
- Thank you so much.
- Dhani.
- And this is Starr.
- Thank you.
- Hi.
- Welcome. welcome.
- Thank you.
- And this is Mike.
- Mr. Mike.
Thank you so much.
Mike?
No lights. They'll be searching for us.
Vijay. cut the generator
and draw the curtains.
No. wait. Wait.
- There's no time.
- Quiet.
There is a first aid kit
under the driver's seat.
- Driver's seat.
- Yeah.
Vijay. go. Go.
Um. I... I have a surgical kit.
- Get it.
- Yes.
Here.
It's good claw. It's for sheep.
No sleep tonight.
We're going to search every inch of
the Highlands until we find them.
Everything that's unnecessary. it goes.
We will make this bus
as light as we can. okay?
Why. Baba?
Well. it makes it easier for the crane.
you know. because...
Oh. I hadn't told you.
The bridge isn't built yet.
Wait.
Are we going to crane over the gorge?
Like we did in the old days.
In a much older crane.
I wish I'd seen the old days.
What? You will see the new days.
See...
I am old.
- I am ready to go.
- Don't say that.
Baba.
Grandpa lived almost a century.
But our grandfather is tough.
Me? Nah. Not so much.
You're a hero.
I am no such thing.
You know...
I haven't done
one heroic thing in my life.
You're a hero to me. Papa.
Oh. my boy. Thank you.
We have a full night's work
ahead of us. see.
Hmm.
Will he live?
Mr. McCann...
Means hard to kill.
Starr. I need your help.
Yeah. tell me what to do.
Go to the lake and refill this.
- Okay.
- Careful.
They're here.
Vijay. move the bus.
- Okay. Baba.
- Quickly.
Shh. Shh. Shh. Shh.
Oh. my God.
Take his weapons.
We will need them.
Go.
- Vijay.
- Yeah.
The lake. Take his legs.
We who follow The Way...
are permitted to defend the innocent.
I'll teach you.
Come.
I can't teach you much in one night.
Will you do your best?
Yes.
Absolutely.
Yes is enough.
Listen. Our enemies are street fighters.
Tough without discipline.
They announce...
when they are about to strike.
It's their "tell."
All right.
When you see the "tell"...
you go to this position.
Block.
Then strike.
- Block.
- Hmm.
Strike.
Yeah.
Understand?
- I think so.
- Hmm.
One more time.
Okay.
Block. Strike.
- Strike.
- Yeah.
One more. Fast.
What?
You were a fool to not tell me.
You could have gotten us killed.
- I didn't think it was as bad as...
- Save it.
- Can you walk?
- Of course I can walk.
Clean clothes.
We leave in ten minutes.
We're going over that?
Yes.
How?
We use that crane.
The stove's still hot.
If they went south...
we would have seen them.
They've gone here.
We can't let them
cross into China.
I have no jurisdiction.
They need a bridge to do that.
- We have to move this bus.
- Okay.
You drive. I'll give you a hand.
Where'd you get that?
Don't ask.
Okay. Okay. Okay. You got it.
You know this. You know this.
You know this.
Uh.
Power.
Battery.
Release brake.
And ignition.
I'm finished. Baba. Climb on.
You go ahead. Vijay.
I... I will be with you.
Always.
Hey!
What's happening?
Vijay!
Baba. what are you doing? Climb on.
Oh. my God.
Baba. what are you doing?
They will kill you.
Better me than you. son.
- No. no!
- Vijay. you look after our land. yes?
Come on.
Dhani?
Baba! Baba. no!
Baba!
Shit.
Kill the son.
Kill them all.
Vijay!
Okay. We're moving. We're moving.
We got this. Come on.
Hey.
Come here.
How's Vijay?
Better than you.
Don't worry about this.
They're coming again.
Shit.
Vijay. get up here.
- Yes. Mike.
- How far to China?
Through the tunnel. across the patio.
50 kilometers. we're there.
- What weapons do we have?
- This.
And that shotgun.
Hold them off.
Let's go.
- Let me help.
- No.
Your father's dead. You're fair game now.
Starr.
Put the stock...
against your shoulder.
Aim and pull that.
Move.
Okay...
tell me when.
RPG!
Where is he?
- There he is.
- What's he doing?
Dynamite.
- Can you outrun it?
- Is there a choice?
Dhani. wake up.
Shit. They're back.
God help us. We have to do this ourselves.
Vijay. use it.
- Get the shotgun.
- Okay.
Vijay. I'm out.
Take the wheel.
Thanks. buddy.
It's over.
They're all dead.
There's one left.
Vijay.
All those in favor. say aye.
Aye.
The ayes have it.
With this new dam...
smaller yet sufficient
to meet our needs...
we will have both our river
and electricity.
Bye. Dhani.
Goodbye. my beautiful Starr.
- Thank you. Mike.
- Starr. goodbye.
- Take care.
- Bye.
- We have an appointment. sir.
- We sure do.
We talked about the summit. bro.
But given my age...
this will have to do.
I love you. Gurty.
Good morning. passengers.
We would like to inform you that
check-in gates 35 and 37 are now open.
I don't know what to say.
Nor I.
Maybe...
maybe we'll understand all this later.
Maybe.
Hmm.
Okay.
Good morning. passengers.
We are experiencing an increase
of passenger volume today.
Please allow extra time
for security screening.
Thank you.
Thank you...
Mike.
Bye.
That was amazing. bro.
Thanks for getting me
the hell out of that.
What would I do without you?
Easy. You'd live.
Like I would without you.
What do you mean?
We don't have a lot of time. Mike.
Life is for the living.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-